Welcome back, everybody, today here
we have a leg and thigh drumstick
and thigh I'm going to show you
how to debone the thigh,
so actually take that femur bone right out
so you can have a either skinless
or skin on deboned thigh,
which are very popular
in the supermarkets now.
So here, if you flip it
over on the other side again
I'm going to show you the fat seam
and again I'm going to use my finger
to find where the exact joint is.
I'm going to replace the knife
where my finger was,
and I'm just going to cut right through.
So again, there's no hacking or whacking,
right here
I have a nice drumstick that I can bake,
fry, bread.
Make fried chicken
out of all that good stuff.
Here I can identify
where the actual femur is.
I'm going to take my knife on both sides.
And I cut.
So I can expose that femur.
Here's the one side.
Here's the other side.
So what I like to do
is I like to take my fingers
and try and get underneath just like this.
So I'm right underneath the bone.
I'm going to remove my finger
and replace it with the knife,
and I'm going to cut up on one side.
There are sometimes a little bit
of cartilage and connective tissue.
Any time you're going around a joint,
you want to make sure
that you get as much of that as possible.
It does have a little bit of a
texture to it if you do not remove it.
So here we remove the bone and right here
we're going to feel with our fingers
if we let any of that cartlidge.
And if we did, we're going to go back
with our knife
and gently remove
any little bits that are still there.
And this right here is a boneless
with skin on
thigh.